for us women have a
legs of them is not only a matter of
aesthetic but that can help us
strengthen our self-esteem that's why
that this time I prepare a routine that
It is great to tone your legs
and the best thing is that it can be done at home
as long as we have 15
minutes a day I invite you to discover it
in the section begin
besides now you have some legs
plump and thin legs or well
they already have them thin and what they want
is to have muscle mass for all
cases and the exercises that I'm going to
show the only thing they need is a pair
of dumbbells of a weight that is
comfortable for you as well as many
desire to achieve beautiful legs
we started this routine with rudeness
holding the dumbbells to the
sides take the right leg towards
forward and bending in such a way
both legs are at an angle of
90 degrees although the back should not
touching the floor your back should stay
straight
return to the starting position and repeat
the exercise do it later with the
opposite leg
for the next exercise take
new the cufflinks with arms to
the sides with the legs slightly
separate get tips for three
seconds and go down they go back up in
tips and lower
now let's put the tips together
of the feet and we repeat
to finish we take out the tips of the
feet
almost completely matching the heels and
we repeat the series
feel how your calves work
becoming more and more firm
three series of 20 repetitions
let's do the typical squats
extend your arms to the front and
with the legs separated at the height of
your hip come down with your back straight to
the height of your knees
take care that these do not exceed the fingers of
your feet
come back up and repeat do three
series of 20 repetitions
now we stand up we put the
hands on the waist and we raise the leg
right at a 90 degree angle
stay like this for three seconds and
then they stretch back as far
that can with the foot in flex by others
three seconds
repeat this movement with that leg and
then do it with the left
update three series of 20
repetitions
for the next exercise we continue
standing with his hands on his waist raises the
right leg to one side as much as
can with the toes watching
towards the front and the foot in flex without
move the trunk
stay like this for three seconds and get off
go back up the same leg now
with the toes facing towards
above
avoid exercise and do it later
with the opposite leg
perform three sets of 20 repetitions
next let's do squats
with one leg with arms
extended to the front is they have the
right leg while going down
flexing the other
care that keeps your back straight
keep like this for 3 seconds and go up
repeat and then change legs do
3 sets of 20 repetitions
for the next exercise we
We put in the table position move
the heels on the right side and we open the
chest to the left side lengthening
the left arm to the ceiling
we raise the left leg as much as
that we can and we lower it to the floor
do three sets of 10 repetitions
for the last exercise we sit on
the floor with your hands under the
shoulders the knees under the
hips and insteps on the floor now
we raise the right leg up the most
that we can with the toes watching
we stay on the ground for three
seconds and we went down to change
legs
do three sets of 20 repetitions
and now
How did they not like it?
excellent these exercises for
Toning legs a good way to
complement them is to walk with a lot
frequency and climbing stairs this
will help achieve a shapely leg
in no time and you will see for
true that if they want to see the
routine that we just showed you no
forget to visit the website
which is on your screen
there's going to find changing
I do not know if you know the maca
It is an original root of Peru that
knows from the time of the Incas and that
It has many medicinal properties with
the maca can prepare rich drinks
and healing and that's what we 're going to
teach them in the simple section and
healthy
maca is a root that is already used in
everyone serves to stimulate us
the immune system to treat the
anemia tuberculosis
menstrual disorders the symptoms
of menopause increase fertility
as prodis jacko but here is the
erectile dysfunction and to improve
little memory is not a wonder then
Now I'm going to teach you how to prepare
some drinks with this network
the first is a melon pineapple smoothie and
apple to lose weight we need
half a cup of pineapple cubes half a cup
of cubed melon a medium apple
liter of water a tablespoon of brand and
a spoonful of wheat bran or
oats
they clean the ingredients well and place
inside the blender the pineapple the melon
and the whole apple cut into cubes
Incorporate the water and blend until the
ingredients is integrated add the maca
and wheat bran oatmeal according to its
choice
let's now make a juice of maca and chia
for which we only need a room
of peeled and chopped pineapple cup 2
spoonfuls of previously soaked chia
in half a glass of water a quarter cup
of carrots a quarter cup of
spinach a teaspoon of maca in
powder a little honey or sweetener
of your preference and water at
taste
place in the blender all
chopped ingredients blend and take it from
fasting preference
finally we will make a mango juice and
yogurt we only need a cup of milk
of almond or coconut a quarter cup
of natural yogurt without sugar a mango one
spoonful of maca and two tablespoons of
organic honey
pour in the milk blender the
yogurt the mango a spoonful of maca and
Bee honey and blend until everything
be homogeneous
they must strain it before serving it